>> Lukas: So we saw this graphic earlier.
We're gonna focus primarily on component,
and then Scott's gonna come back and talk
about, actually I'm gonna talk about the
component and the metadata, and Scott's
gonna come back and talk about template
with your event and property bindings.
Segue, this is really, really,
really, really, really important.
Class does not equal inheritance.
I have this conversation
quite often around,
so what do you think about
class being in JavaScript?
Some people like it,
some people do not, and
most of the arguments that
come up against it is they're
not necessarily against
the class concept itself.
They're more against, actually,
using a class setting for
paving the way to lead to inheritance,
which is really, really, really, bad.
I think that it's a very slippery slope
when you start to use inheritance
to construct an application,
especially large not trivial ones.
Eric Elliott has some very strong
opinions about this as well.
I think rhetoric aside,
I fundamentally agree with
him that I've seen a lot
of really bad things happen
by not being explicit about
where things are happening.
And so kind of we're back to this
whole scope inheritance thing.
That was a big problem with Angular 1 is
you got this prototypical inheritance all
the way up and
people get burned because you're depending
on a property that's three levels up and
it changes, well, how do you know where
that happened and how can you rather
guarantee that it doesn't happen,
it doesn't blow your local state out?
So a lot of this actually goes away once
we start to talk about reactive angular
and redux with an angular, ngrx, and
adopting these kind of things, but
for now I just want to be very clear.
Class does not equal inheritance.
That you can use classes
as an organizational
construct just like a module, and
I think that's completely fine.
But again, back to basic software
engineering 101, favorite composition
over inheritance, dependency injection
makes that really easy to do.
So if you ever find yourself saying,
this extends this, just stop and
be like, is this really necessary?
Can I rather inject this behavior or
compose it?
So when we talk about classes,
I see it purely as an organizational
construct and nothing more.
Scott, do you have
anything to add to that?
>> Scott: Nope,
they're just like a coffee script classes.
>> Lukas: Okay, so
we create the component.
It's an ES6 class.
Properties and
methods on our component class will be
available for binding in our template.
So, class, ExperimentsComponent,
here it is.
And so this is the C insider.
Then you import your dependencies,
any third-party dependencies,
any custom dependencies.
And this approach is, well, by being
very specific about what you import,
instead of having just
kind of everything exist,
gives you more fine-grained control
over managing those dependencies.
So, for instance, within Angular Core,
we'll import component and
then we're like, that's right,
we want to implement.
So then you'll go in and
you'll specifically add that in there.
And so now you are adding
just what you need instead of
just adding everything and
using 20% of it.
And so, this is the most basic
possible import for every component.
You import component from Angular 2 Core.
So far, so simple.
And then from here, we turn this class.
So, up to this point we haven't done
really anything that's Angular specific.
We're going to turn our class into
something that Angular can understand, and
get picked up by the compiler.
We add in our metadata.
So we use the @<decorator> syntax and
the most common of course is component but
we've already seen injectable,
directive and pipe work very similar.
So if you remember in Angular 1, you had
module.controller, module.directive,
module.service or factory and those method
signatures were actually very similar.
It's like the name of
which you're creating and
then a factory function that actually
returns something you can use.
And so this is kind of a similar
thing that you have in ES6 class and
you decorate it.
And you can also decorate properties and
methods within your class.
So for instance, inputs and
outputs which we will see later, and
those are, as I just called out,
input and output.
So for now,
the most simplest form is component and
we're going to set our selector, and
we're going to point it to a template.
This is very similar to a directive
definition object in angular1.
>> Lukas: And then from here, you enter
into an iterative process and this is on
a per-case basis but the idea is to start
small and build your component out.
So, most often this is where I start, and
it might even be just template,
and then I'll do back ticks and
I might just do,
in this case it might be hello experiment.
So I might actually even just
start in line and go from there.
But start small and you iterate over it,
and then from there,
we just enhance with composition.
You just start to build this things out.
But at the same time, remember to keep
your components small and focused.
And so what I've done here is this
is the experiments component,
this is not necessarily
meant to be red per se.
You have it in your code base.
But I'm starting to add things in here.
So I said, well,
I might need a title property,
a body property, message,
experiment, and so
I'll just gonna kinda go through in again,
this iterative fashion and say, well,
let's add in the experiment model,
experiment service, and state service.
And you start injecting these
things in and building these out.
Last but not least,
that when things become,
you start to realize that you have
identified a particular piece of
functionality that is starting to deviate
from kind of your core purpose or
it can be extracted out,
then you repeat or refactor.
So you just pull this out
into a separate component.
So, again, if it's getting too large,
just be ruthless about it.
And it's just this cycle of I'm
going to create this class,
I'm going to import my additional
dependencies, I'm going to decorate it,
and then I'm going to enhance it to
do just enough of what I need to do,
and when it gets too big,
then I repeat and I go all the way down.
So I almost feel like,
here's the magic formula.
And it's actually is
nothing special at all.
It's really just kind of this thing
that I noticed over and over and over.